This file contains an explanation of how to understand and modify the Simulation_parameters.txt file. If you have not read the
README file, it is necessary to read it before reading this file or others. In order to avoid errors you must modify the file 
Simulation_parameters.txt in the way it is explained.

In Simulation_parameters.txt you will find the parameters given in the following way:

3
0
1,2,1
0,1,2
1,0,2
2,2,0

-The first line must be an integer between 2 and 8, and it represents the number of particles present in the simulation.

-The second line must be an integer equal to 0 or 1. If it is 0, it means that the hi and Jij coefficients are the ones you
introduce (it will be explained in the next two steps how to introduce them). If it is 1, it means that hi and Jij coefficients
are randomly generated.

-The third line is only necessary if the second line is 0, as it represents the vector that will give the values of hi. This
vector must have the same dimension as the number of particles specified in the first line. If the number is 3, it will have 3
components, which must be real numbers. Each number will be the i-th magnetic field that affects the i-th spin. The three
components must be separated by a comma.

-The next lines are only necessary if the second line is 0. They represent the matrix that will give the values of Jij. This 
matrix must have the same dimension as the number of particles specified in the first line. If the number is 3, it will be a 
3x3 matrix with nine components, which are real numbers, and will occupy three lines. Each component represents the matching 
force between the spins si and sj. So, the components are:

J11,J12,J13,...,J1n
J21,J22,J23      .
J31,J32,J33      .
 .         .     .
 .           .   .
 .             . .
Jn1,...........,Jnn

being n the number of particles.

The diagonal components must be 0, and the matrix must be symmetric. All components in the same line must be separated by a comma.

If one follows strictly the explanations given in this file, the program should read Simulation_parameters.txt without errors.